Subject: DIMENSIONALLY SEALED EARTH
Post ID: 34421044
Message: The True Earth is bigger than you think. But because of the last man-made cataclysm millennia ago, and in order to protect the planet and all life on it, the Heavens transferred all human survivors to a quarantine zone created in a small part of the planet located at the North Pole and sealed the rest of the True Earth in a higher dimension. The sealed point is at the Antarctica continent.At the same time, the Moon was placed on Earth, an artificial satellite made by the Heavens with many important purposes, and one of them is to always remember humanity (1) what they did in the past and; (2) what awaits them in the future if they return to the right path of spiritual evolution.But the Heavens will not await for eternity for humanity to behave accordingly. There is always a schedule in the spiritual evolution for the planets and all life on them. And in this schedule, the end is near for humanity on Earth. The planet needs to evolve too.During Armageddon, all evil beings (incarnated and non-incarnated ones) will be expurged from Earth. Once it's over, the Heavens will remove the dimensional seal. When this happens, the survivors on Quarantine Earth - with the help of the Heavens - will have a short window of Time to relocate to True Earth. The reason for this is that the majority of Quarantine Earth will go back to being the original North Pole. And thus become a frozen land like Antarctica.This info was channeled by EIRELE.Old threads:>>34357036>>34401750>>34410181

Post ID: 34435840
Message: >>34428163> This picture has been posted before, but for some reason, the text tends to be removed. Earlier, searching it would lead to a government website. Now with google and bing being ruined they just give results on youtube and page 2 has the same results all over again. This either way makes me think it may be a real picture.This picture is fake. Even with the low-level resolution and being too dark with little out of focus, with the naked eye, you still can see the tricks applied in the photo. Look at the clouds they put there. Too big, too homogeneous, too few in number, and too higher (their depths) for the plane they are in. I think they create this counterfeit using normal clouds photographed with their depth appearing, amplified them, and put them above another counter composition of the supposed continents. In my opinion, it was a work of a true amateur. And probably this fake photography was created during the earlier space race time with the technology they have at that point in time.> The aliens who've been quoted talking about the flying saucers said that they're from Earth, native, but from "around the corner". There's also been someone saying the outer Earth here in the picture is an eternal 1800s society that can be visited, while others say it's in a different dimension.About dimensional pockets:>>34435587I think in the next thread I will add some text at the end to help people understand it:> There is no Flat Earth.> There is no Hollow Earth.> It is all about Dimensions.

Post ID: 34435912
Message: >>34435587>Astral Body is a technique where youI don't know what you are talking about here to be honest, it feels disorganized. The method I used wasn't intentional, I was practicing gravity control during Hatha yoga practice with the aim of boarding an astral spaceship model I created after interaction with aliens over telepathy. But as a step there I've used a "space suit" and different astral robots to visit places. They're automatons so unless I actively take control they do whatever. In this case I just followed along to look through its eyes and it went to the hole at the north pole and down. I guess this added to the scary part of the experience because I wasn't controlling the movement. Robotic astral servitors like these won't do anything that's harmful to them but they also aren't living beings so it's possible going inside the black sun isn't a good idea during regular astral travel and especially not during astral projection, but that is what happened.

Post ID: 34435999
Message: >>34428590> Once the boundaries of Earth have opened, how far can we go? Can we explore Earth in its entirety without the aid of a vehicle? How about beyond Earth?After Armageddon, if you are one of the survivors, you will have the right to access the entire landscape of the True Earth. At that time there will be no more quarantine zone and the entire planet will be as one (like in the remote past) located in a higher dimension.But humanity will still be living on a relatively dense material planet, using relatively dense bodies. Because they will live in a higher dimension, humanity will probably acquire body and psychic 'enhancements'. But they will still need to build material things to live on and to move as a society on the new planet (like vehicles, homes, and so on). Also, the same for space access (spaceships, space stations, and so on).> I once heard that “all points in time and space are connected.”This is true in the Spiritual Realm. As a spirit, we can move from point A to point B instantaneously, independently from the distance traveled. And the greater your spiritual evolution, the longer the distance you will be able to travel. Also, to be able to access more places. For example, spirits less evolved do not have access to be in places where only higher spirits are. And it is for their own protection. They will never be able to survive in a higher-density energy place where higher spirits live on.(cont.)

Post ID: 34436004
Message: >>34435793>Illivryn or SepheranzAre you referring to the Atlantean Spider Queen/Goddess?

Post ID: 34436075
Message: >>34435999> Does this mean we’ll be able to travel backward in time as well as forward once we have Awakened?TIME TRAVELTime travel, spiritually speaking:(1) You need to evolve yourself, both in knowledge and in morals, as a spirit, to a certain point you have earned the right to do it, and;(2) You have a need to do it, and;(3) You have the approval from the Higher Spirits (very above from you, whatever you have reached as a spirit) to do so, and;(4) You have to think of it as a dimensional problem for you to solve.It is all about dimensions because if you want to go back in time in your timeline, in your own dimension, you need first to jump out to a superior dimension in the same dimensional superset you are, thus you could choose the point in time of the lower dimension you want to be, and then jump in again to the lower dimension, to the exact point in time you want.Materially speaking, is all about the above plus the knowledge and materials to build in the Material Realm a construct that will permit you to do all that. Multiply the potential problems by at least 1000x.Depending on the local situation (spiritual, moral, material, karmic, all together combined), some individuals with the right knowledge will be able to time travel (incarnated or as a spirit) and have restricted access to their timelines. Even if they don't ask permission.But it doesn't mean they are superior in spirit to do that. It is simply in the calculations of the Higher Spirits who administrate all life in the place in question.(cont.)

