Subject: 
Post ID: 34892161
Message: I think if we will never have the opportunity to live a happy, normal life, the only option left is to go monk mode and care about nothing except for God. For so many of us, our dreams have been crushed, all prospects ruined, the only realistic outlooks are bleak ones. No one can ever take God from us though. God is our fortress.

Post ID: 34894011
Message: >>34892161 (OP)I feel this especially with women. Every time I try to get with a woman it's always disastrous, but when I completely stop trying people act way nicer to me and my life seems to go smoother.Letting go is always difficult but I must keep focus on my real goals and not get sidetracked by lust, urges and women. My dreams are worth chasing but I get distracted so easily.

Post ID: 34894264
Message: >>34893861So you don't like yourself because you don't have the power to seduce others. What do you think about that trait?

Post ID: 34894326
Message: >>34894264God considers it important that he violently gatekeep anything he considers good like 710ml bottles of pop, doritos, plain corn chips, instant noodles, hamburger helper, cheeseburgers, snickers etc also video games, literal fantasies etc he does this so that he can self-identify with rich people who he doesn't violently gatekeep these things from so that he can feel superior to me because he's an insecure tranny. In his stupid retard brain he has convinced himself that it's credible to try to justify his violently gatekeeping of available things by saying that he doesn't want me to be rich because he doesn't want to have animate "sex slaves", "concubines", etc, he's too retarded to realize how stupid it is for him to say that while violently gatekeeping things that are accessible to me right now as a poor person, including my literal fantasies, things that I should have access to, as if he couldn't also just not allow me to have sex slaves or concubines if I was rich the same was he doesn't allow me to eat fritos or cheetos now.God is a retarded disgusting liar whose motivations 100% are to dominate and abuse me. He's a retard for even trying to argue that his concern is that he doesn't want me to abuse his flesh-projections when he's the one forcing me to live in a world where I have to be around people in real life. He hates the idea of me being rich because that would mean I could isolate myself on the internet and not have to be dominated and abused by anyone in real life, and because I would be able to have "desirable" material things like cheeseburgers and doritos. He's already explicitly said he doesn't think I should be allowed to be alone because I shouldn't be allowed to "be god" while telling me that "I'm god" in an attempt to justify abusing me.God is a retard for thinking he can reframe his desire to dominate and abuse me as a desire to not be abused.

Post ID: 34894383
Message: >>34894264I don't like myself because I'm a person who God/society/other people believe everything good should be violently gatekpt from and because I'm a person who God/society/other people etc believe should be abused and dominated by them/believe that it's right to abuse and I don't have the ability to prevent them from abusing me/violently gatekeeping anything desirable from me. You're an idiot for believing you can reframe your desire to abuse me as a desire to not be abused.

Post ID: 34894514
Message: >>34892161 (OP)That's not how you do it.You get close to god, so much that you can here his voice deep inside of you speaking Truth, and then you become an adept at lifeGod is not for losers

