Subject: 
Post ID: 34893622
Message: has anyone here successfully treated and recovered from schizophrenia?

Post ID: 34894380
Message: Technically yes although they probably would have given me bipolar instead.

Post ID: 34894389
Message: >>34893622 (OP)>recovered from schizophreniaanon...

Post ID: 34894436
Message: it was 2019, i had been working 2 and half years at a restaurant. i was doing pretty good for myself. i had saved up around $12,000 dollars, freely gave to my parents, my brother, paid for rent, food, and short trips whenever time allowed. life was good. not to mention i had started weight lifting and felt extremely well about myself.i had just turned 21. and the restaurant next to us had closed and many of their staff had come to work with us. one of which was a girl that i found very attractive. the instant we talked there was tension. god knows where this flirtatious side of me came from but it flowed and she dug it. a week later were dating. same day we kissed, and hours later were fucking. god, those titties were the best fucking titties i ever sucked. so round and the most beautiful nipples youll ever see.in all this, however, we smoked. she wasnt an addict but perhaps for the occasion. i had been sober a few years at the time but thought fuck it why not? god i coughed so hard she was laughing. i remember well too. i was playing the new album "Hi, this is flume" visuals on my computer screen.fast forward. we casually fucked in the parking lot after work. at this point i began to grow an addiction. and the fact that those plug n plays came out which made it ez to conceal and get high didnt help either. i began blowing thru those things like cake. i began to show up to work high. its hard to explain. i felt like it made better in some weird way. like i needed it to be alright with myself.one day im fucking this girl and i bust the fastest nut in her while fucking blown outta my mind. god. from that point things began to get weird. starting thinking crazy thoughts. like i was on some watchlist. being followed. felt like mf doom was speaking to me directly in his song absolutely.i ended up losing my job. not because i sperged out but because i had put in my 2 weeks notice. but they decided to just let me go. i was schizo for a cool 2 months.

Post ID: 34894441
Message: >>34893622 (OP)CBD isolate works really well. 1gram per day is enough, but it takes a bit to get working. Sorry you’re dealing with this OP, but with the right medication it can get better. I don’t mnow if I’ll ever recover, but I’m doing a lot better now than i was before. What has helped me is prioritizing what is true over what i want to be true. You have to value truth more than you value feeling good if you want to see reality again, otherwise you’ll stay lost in your own head. Good luck

Post ID: 34894518
Message: i'll give more details in a sec, i'm at the store

