Subject: heartbreak thread and a cry for help
Post ID: 34884919
Message: I was in a romantic relationship that lasted a couple of years; she broke up with me two months ago. She probably couldn't bear my depression and SPD. It feels like my fucking soul is dissolving and my heart is being ripped apart every second. I wanted to kill myself, but a kind person convinced me that life was worth living even without her. I want to believe that, but I loved her so much, bros. Everything suddenly lost its meaning. I'm doing everything right: meditation, workouts, no-contact, focusing on myself, getting good amounts of sleep and a strict diet, spending a lot of time with a couple friends that I have, etc., but the pain just seems to be unbearable. Is there any anon here that knows some magic to make her contact me or make her want to get back together (love spells, sigils)? And if it's impossible, is there any magic (some kind of meditation or self-hypnosis, maybe) that can make me emotionally detach from her? My mind is overflowing with memories, and I am extremely jealous that she might be seeing someone else right now. Please help me; I really don't know if I can take it any longer.

Post ID: 34893771
Message: You're in dire need of a psychadelic escapade, get your hands on some LSD andq DMT and make a pact with them, I won't elaborate further but that's how I got over my heartbreak. Don't take life so seriously OP it's just a game, win some, lose some.

Post ID: 34893999
Message: >>34893679beautifull. I'm listening to lots of mosaic.wav rn, helps me to get into a joyful mood.>>34893699Extremely interesting stuff, going to read into it tomorrow. Sending love>>34893731It sounds simplistically stupid, but I'm going to give it a try. I thought about journaling; it could help me observe how these emotions that I feel now change over time. Journaling could be connected to your method of self-persuasion (?) as I could note changes in my mood regarding the proposed technique.>>34893771A psychedelic escapade happens every time I go to sleep. My dreams are composed of dread, violence, and sex. I don't think that I need any more of this shit. Also, I'm taking my meds as a good goy, and the last time that I took LSD when on SSRI I almost jumped out of the window

Post ID: 34894516
Message: >>34884919 (OP)I know this feeling its one of the worst. I dont want to sound rude but honestly you just got to get over it. You can mad and sad about for a few weeks but anything beyond that is just pathetic. Accept it and move on

Post ID: 34894524
Message: I'll say it again. Wann be cured of the love addiction? Get involved with a Narcissist, problem cured hahahah

Post ID: 34894561
Message: I bet, because you're going so hard TO forget her, you can't. I would just chill and play your fav vidya order chinese and just don't even care.

