Subject: /LoA/ — Law of Assumption & Ma(...)
Post ID: 34884926
Message: Welcome. The purpose of this general is to show you how to use your own wonderful human imagination to achieve your every desire.The world and all within it is man’s conditioned consciousness objectified. Consciousness is the cause as well as the substance of the entire world. So it is to consciousness that we must turn if we would discover the secret of creation. Knowledge of the law of consciousness and the method of operating this law will enable you to accomplish all you desire in life.The Main Concepts:>Imagination creates Reality>Assumptions harden into fact>Consciousness is the only Reality>Feeling is the Secret>Prayer, Living in the End/In the Wish Fulfilled (remaining Faithful to your Idea)>You are the Operant Power>There is no one to change but Self (Self-concept)>Thinking Fourth-Dimensionally (Time is an Illusion)>Can I manifest ___?Yes! Creation is finished.Comment too long.Click hereto view the full text.

Post ID: 34894538
Message: Anons is the only difference between the law of attraction and the law of assumption is that we don't have to hold mental diet (IE don't have to feel being wealthy all of the time, just to be wealthy, in assumption) and that neville explains the cosmology and theory behind the practice?

Post ID: 34894548
Message: >>34894246>they obvioulsy didn't manifest this in their life>I know people who have all the good things someone could desire from life, and still get bad stuff happening to them>there is something we don't know occuring in the processYou're ignoring the elephant in the room. Well, 2.1. Most people don't know they are manifestingThey don't know they have control over these things so they don't consciously navigate their beliefs and modify them or watch out for things they should not be giving weight to. What if I told you the chances of getting cancer have risen to 1 out of every 2 people. Does that make you think you have a good chance not to get cancer? Which leads to...2. Belief in the 3d is manifesting your results to someone elseWhen you believe in someone else's belief system(religion, science, social constructs) you get the results that system is designed to deliver.Cancer example, they tell you early detection and treatment for best survival rate- but it's basically inevitable you'll get it, no emphasis on prevention. Why? Because they want to milk you.Can you believe the person who believes in "science" deserves it when they reap those results?Comment too long.Click hereto view the full text.

Post ID: 34894566
Message: >>34894538Law of attraction works because of Law of assumption, for that reason alone makes it inferior.

Post ID: 34894572
Message: >>34884926 (OP)This shit doesnt work.I wanted to win a specific competitionTried everything Neville said, imagining, living in the wish fulfilled, falling asleep in that state to the point where I genuinely felt as if it was already here and I've won.Results came in today and I did not win, not even close.

Post ID: 34894578
Message: This book is awesome! Honestly anyone struggling with some limitations on their mind should read this book. Couldn’t put it down today! Been feeling great all day

