Subject: Elongated skulls + related anomalies
Post ID: 34893696
Message: Picrel are the statues of Akhenaten's daughers, currently housed in the Cairo museum of Egypt.Despite the on-going debate whether Akhenaten himself had an elongated skull, there is enough evidence that his offspring BOTH had this "deformity" or anomaly...I'm well aware of the Paracas skulls, along with the incredible results of their DNA testing... Out of the (4) hair samples, one of them couldn’t be sequenced to any life from Earth, while the remaining (3) hair samples all showed Haplogroup H2A (found mostly in Eastern Europe and some of Western Europe)...https://www.howandwhys.com/dna-tests-reveal-3000-year-old-paracas-skulls-are-of-unknown-human-race/Sepehr (Robert) is sound with his fixations on "red-haired mummies" throughout places like China and even Egypt, as the Paracas skulls contained red hair as well.Here is a side shot of "The Princess of Xiaohe", one of China's oldest and best preserved European mummies.. yet only exhibited TWICE throughout history and is not kept in any museum or public institution.https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c3/Xiaohe_cemetery_%28female_mummy_with_European_features%29.jpgFurthermore, underneath most (if not all) of the stone circles in England - including Stonehenge - the elongated skulls of women have been found... Not only that, every single one had shown signs of a "coup de grace" strike to the head (blunt force trauma).https://www.gazetteandherald.co.uk/news/headlines/nostalgia/14105665.egyptian-in-stonehenge/Anyhow, most researchers agree that these women were of "an elite" or royal status.. much like we see with Egypt and picrel.So what is the connection? Why are we finding the elongated skulls of an upper-class of peoples, mostly women, all across the world and whom share many of their features... even down to their DNA?

Post ID: 34894368
Message: Lets look at it through another front:Indiana and the crystal skulls -> elongated = alien>Is this true?Do we have public evidence of aliens? no but we have costant blue ball shilling, Hitler channel turned into schizo channel by the mid 2010sSo this can into two rammifications: they are or are not alien.Let's gather facts anons, the paraca mummies have been the closest we can get to actual proof. so let's take it from there.

Post ID: 34894407
Message: >>34894210They must have, hence why they separeted them as "royal Scythians". From top of my head, their foundation myth was when a divine creature, half woman, half snake, emerged from the underground to mate with men, and gave birth to three sons. These were the archfathers of the three main Scythian nations, but one of the three was set apart as Royal Scythians. They were given gold and attributes from the gods to guard over.These Royal Scythians lived in the heartland, always surrounded by the other Scythians so strangers couldn't reach them easily. In the heartland agriculture was also practiced, while in the hinterlands people were strictly horse riding nomads, akin to the Huns, Mongols and Turks.Greek lore says that Scythians lived next to giants and one-eyed Arimaspians, and griffons that guarded gold treasures. Note that Scythians were masterful gold smiths.The snake-legged mother of Scythians reminds a bit of fish-legged sirens, like those appearing in Celtic and Norse folklore.

Post ID: 34894427
Message: >>34894368There's more truth in ancient mythology and folklore than there is in the rationalist speculations of our modern historians. What you call "alien" is what the ancients called gods or devils. They're not extra-terrestrial but rather extra-dimensional. Most of them are evil as well, the prince of the earth is the devil.

Post ID: 34894463
Message: >>34894427So c3.rN does extra dimens0n works and the string theory is the sm0ke scr33n?

Post ID: 34894506
Message: >>34894427Why are they interested in humans?

